Add docs for decorator before export in babel generator (#2406)
babel/website: docs/generator.md

| filename               | string              |                 | Used in warning messages                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| jsonCompatibleStrings  | boolean             | `false`         | Set to true to run `jsesc` with "json": true to print "\u00A9" vs. "©";                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| jsescOption            | object              |                 | Use `jsesc` to process literals. `jsesc` is applied to numbers only if `jsescOption.numbers` (added in `v7.9.0`) is present. You can customize `jsesc` by [passing options](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/jsesc#api) to it.                                     |

> | decoratorsBeforeExport | boolean              |                 | Set to `true` to enable decorators before export in the generated code.                            |

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
| decoratorsBeforeExport | boolean              |                 | Set to `true` to print decorators before `export` in the generated code.                            |
```

Reviewer 2: We use `output` when mentioning generated code.
```suggestion
| decoratorsBeforeExport | boolean              |                 | Set to `true` to print decorators before `export` in output
```
